[Music]
anything Halsey does people being late
messiness baiting human parts my biggest
pet peeve is being late favorite dead
man
Dario the dead man yeah it was something
with the dead man is that yeah grieve a
dead man
it's some platano George Strait
something like that my all-time favorite
band is there a dead man spinorama back
on the top shelf something backhand top
two cheese fake shot back and he does it
religiously say backhand my favorite
shoot up move is going back in three
Dustin Amanda Ashley say one brother and
sister I don't know their names I'm
gonna say brother and his sister I don't
know their names I just I met them
briefly he's got maybe 14 I have three
siblings a younger brother named Dustin
and two so older sisters named Winnie
and Ashley
or cocky serious but fun-loving at the
same time fun killer
[Music]
fondue his own coat Sam salmon
I haven't seen his eating habits that
much yet but cookies if I could eat one
food for us my life of a steak some
count racing or maybe someone from the
Scotch one Rough Riders Wayne Gretzky
Scotch own riders football team if I
could eat dinner with anyone in the
world I'd probably just be had a rough
rider game
the West and rested I don't know any
Saskatchewan Roughriders I don't guess I
got sauce brothers place doesn't he
so I'll go with Getzlaf number seven
died Dressler maybe
yeah Dressler jiron my favorite
Saskatchewan Rough Rider is Weston
Dressler his his his World Junior goals
he never stops talking about him he's
told me about a hundred times that he's
the all-time leading scorer in world
junior history for Canada more Junior's
bolts beating me and NHL doesn't brag
side on them the thing I brag most for
probably my NHL 11 skills I have no idea
I'm really bad with birthdays 1990 and
saw like idea let's see October I have
no idea
my birthday is May 15th
[Music]